# Relation between Covid-19 and BCG vaccine
Data analysis and forecasting project to find relation between Covid-19 and BCG vaccine. 

In this project, I illustrate how BCG vaccine can be a temporary solution to covid-19 pandemic and how BCG vaccination protects human body against covid-19 virus. BCG vaccine is used for tuberculosis and provides strength and immunity which both could be big factors in treatment of covid-19. In this project, I analyse how covid-19 pandemic affected countries all over the world, the fatality rate, correlation between different factors that affect situation of countries in this pandemic, top countries and observed reasons why they suffered highly, slopes of total cases developed in different countries, world map observing which continent suffered extreme and BCG vaccination relating to all these factors, how BCG mandatory vaccination countries performed better than non-BCG mandatory vaccines, their fatality rates, types of BCG strains, their effect on covid-19 and immunity in human bodies relating to low or high mortality rates, analysis of clinical trails all around the world to test whether covid-19 and BCG are related and if they are, how can BCG protect against it, analysis of death rate against the place of death and age group. After analysing, predicting whether it can be proved and forecasted using Machine Learning algorithms like Linear regression, prophet, lasso, Elastic Net, XGBoost, LightGBM and Ridge. Prediction of status of recruiting in clinical trials and target sample size using linear regression. Death prediction in covid-19 using given data and then forecasting for 30 days in future and plotting the graph. Comparing and analysing the prediction from lasso, Elastic Net, XGBoost, LightGBM and Ridge in form of table and bar graph. 
